welcome to the man of recaps this is the
Walking Dead Season ten episode 15 it is
not the season finale but it is the
finale for now
episode 16 is delayed due to quarantine
so we won't get it till later this year
this episode starts off with the new
character the crazy purple haired girl
living in the city by herself she's a
little bit wacky but seems to be a good
guy you could call me princess
why princess because Queen makes me
sound old and pretentious
she shoots up some zombies with her
enormous machine gun which unfortunately
scares off the horses oops she feels bad
says she's got some wheels nearby they
can use and the gangs not sure if they
can trust her but they go along for now
meanwhile beta has led his zombie horde
into Alexandria yeah it looks like they
figured he was coming and evacuated but
oh
alden is spying on him he's in the
windmill with Aran they're scouting it
out reporting back to the rest of the
crew who's hanging out in some other
building they called the tower Luke is
working on some science he thing he is
the second smartest guy around besides
Eugene of course Luke is a music nerd
not an engineering nerd but I guess in
the zombie apocalypse you take what kind
of nerds he can get he does seem to have
a girlfriend now that girl from
Oceanside he was flirting with an
episode one anyway for his science
project he needs someone to go out on a
run and Carol volunteers Carol took
Kelly with her and apologizes for
getting her sister condi trapped in the
mine yeah Magna made it out but we still
haven't seen what happened to Connie yet
Kelly's got faith that her sisters still
alive though and she's like hey Carol I
know you've been getting a lot of hate
this season because you've been acting
like an idiot but don't beat yourself up
too much you've just been doing what you
thought you had to do and that's your
superpower going off solo and doing
what's got to be done at the tower is an
incredibly important character we
haven't seen in a while
it's dog yeah he's alright oh and olivia
is there to Uncle Lincoln comes up like
hey kid sorry I murdered your mom they
have a big conversation Lydia hated her
mom but it was still her mom so she
hates negan but kind of likes negan pump
us and confirm the one that expired in
the end though they work out their
issues and these two are tight princess
is leaving the group to the garage she
takes them through this field like hey
be careful where you step because it's a
minefield and even though she's been
through here a bunch of times this time
the distraction she forgot her place
they'll stand around in the rain for a
while while Princess tries to not get
them all blown up they're wasting time
they're on a tight schedule to get to
Eugene's date speaking of dates Eugene's
grooming options are limited in the
zombie
but for the rest of us there's manscaped
no one wants to jungle down there the
modern man takes care of himself and has
a nice manly trim trust me on this one
you don't want to risk your sensitive
areas to some random cheap razor what
you want is the manscaped lawnmower 3.0
precision engineered with anti NIC
properties to give you a good trim
around those delicate areas in fact you
should get the manscaped perfect package
order with my link in the description
for a free pair of boxers and a sweet
leather toiletry tote plus my promo code
recap 20 for 20% off yeah it's a
no-brainer click that link in the
description to order now and get your
manscaping on betta leads the Horta way
to try to find him the Whisperer is like
hey we trust you you're the new Alfa and
he doesn't like that he's about to kill
this Whisperer but gets distracted
because he's gone full-on crazy now he's
hearing voices of the walkers Darryl
scouting around the woods and Judith
came with him she's like hey I don't
want to go hide with the kids I want to
learn to be a scout like you they find a
whisperer around enough some zombies and
take them all out they interrogate the
whisperer it's the one beta almost
killed and she's like yeah Bane has lost
his mind
I'm quitting she doesn't have any more
information for them so Darryl shoots
her in the head and Judith is like what
what she's been killing walkers her
whole life but killing humans is new to
her Judith misses her parents or more
accurately Michelle since that's the mom
that raised her of course her real mom
was Lori who I've completely forgotten
about and she barely even remembers her
dad Rick who of course is probably not
her dad as she's almost certainly
Shane's daughter but either way they're
all off the show now so the closest
thing to a parent she has is her uncle
Daryl and these two are a beautiful
family I'm rooting for the two of them
and dog to live happily ever after
eventually princess remembers the way
and leads him out of there they're
pretty mad at her but she's not
malicious she's just a little
scatterbrained and hasn't seen another
living human in over a year so her
social skills are a little rusty
Eugene's like hey I'm a socially awkward
guy - it's all right I forgive you
princess's wheels turns out to not be
working cars but bicycles it's still
faster than walking though so hey it's a
win
Yumiko twas the most skeptical of
princess this whole time but now she's
like hey we could use a new zany
character in the show just come on with
us meanwhile beta is still leading his
zombie horde he doesn't seem to have
noticed that there's no whispers next to
him anymore because he straight-up
hearing voices from the zombies he sees
a broken branch and a cat and from this
knows exactly where they are
Erinn and Alton see them switching
directions but too late they've been
captured so beta leads his horde to odd
abandon ha
spittle this is the tower and that's how
episode 15 comes to an end so it's a
cliffhanger for now how will the whisper
or war come to an end we'll find out
later this year when our real world
finally gets back to normal as soon as
it's out you know I'll be recapping it
so hit that subscribe button
until then man every caps out hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of TV and movies and click the
join button to support the channel and
be a recap champion